SUBJECTIVE:smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
SUBJECTIVE:color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
SUBJECTIVE:it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
SUBJECTIVE:a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
SUBJECTIVE:my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
SUBJECTIVE:works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
SUBJECTIVE:even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
SUBJECTIVE:when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
SUBJECTIVE:the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
SUBJECTIVE:the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
OBJECTIVE:the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
OBJECTIVE:emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
OBJECTIVE:spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
OBJECTIVE:amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
OBJECTIVE:she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
OBJECTIVE:this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
OBJECTIVE:styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 
OBJECTIVE:being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
OBJECTIVE:the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation .OBJECTIVE:david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 
